An ordinary story, with a spice of magic.
Two-dimensional world between finger and table.
The person who is left behind and the smartest person in the class.
Living in a dimension under the same cloud.
And then came the four-dimensional world.
Even the machine will shed tears.
And give a trembling cry for courage.
So,
we came together.
To start an adventurous journey together.
Even if you are nothing, let's save the world.
One day, as time goes on, I'm sure I'll get there.
So I will meet.
Do do do do do do do do do do Doraemon.
Four Dimensional Vertical Block.
Wow, heavy...
Then, the next new game...
Out of business!
The first round begins!
Nobita?!
Don't mess around on the second floor!
Ah, what dust is this!
- Mama.
Stop it now!
Hah...
Huh, even though I just wanted to play...
I want to play more...
There he is!
We get scolded because we did
second floor. Let's do it on the third floor!
Uh, the third floor doesn't exist...
If you do this between
the first and second floor slabs of our house...
That will increase the number of additional floors.
Uh?
Now, we have three floors.
Lie...
Uh?
There are still stairs...
Through this way...
Try to open.
Wow great!
We have this new room in between
first and second floors.
It means...
Yes, no matter how brutal it is
you are noisy above...
Won't be heard on the first floor!
Alright, let's start the match!
You did, huh?
- Feel this!
- Oh.
What...
It seems, there is a child who made
commotion, but who is it?
That's great.
It's the first time I can
have fun like this!
And mama won't be mad at us!
- I want to drink some water first!
- Yes.
The first floor is far, but...
Oh yes!
Let's call Shizuka-chan too!
Doraemon~!
- I'm out for a second!
- Okay!
Uh?
It should be three stories high...
Since it's four-dimensional, if you
look at it from the outside, it will look like that.
- So much fun playing out of business.
- Uh, what?
Do you want to change the futon? That's great!
(Note: Shizuka misinterpreted Nobita's word)
Yes, yes! Yes, right?
Lets do it!
I don't want to play out of business, but...
I want a study room
be calm.
Please, please...
The second floor is empty.
It's a beautiful room.
It just finished.
I'm going out for a bit, but...
Don't play the block to your heart's content!
Because when you do,
nothing good will happen.
When you say that,
I want to do it again!
Oh yes!
I will increase the room,
to turn into an apartment!
This way okay!
(Poster writing: 100yen per month)
- Rent it to me.
- Suneo?
I want to read comics at home,
but my mom is noisy
So, I want to use it
as a comic reading room!
Please, please...
Let's make a four-story building like this...
I will rent out the third floor
new for you.
Ha...
Hey, I like it~!
- Here, the rent is for one year.
- Ready!
Ah Nobita-san, what a coincidence...
- Would you like some tea?
- With pleasure...
Thank you for giving me
quiet room.
Thanks to you, I can learn.
Well, as long as Shizuka-chan is happy...
You can stay as long as you like.
Oh no!
What?
It's a lie, right?
There is development here...
Stay cool,
I will do something soon!
Nobita, I rented because of me
want a quiet room!
- Do something!
- Okay!
Rent me too!
Ah!
I'm suddenly busy.
Nine storey building...
If it was this high, there would be no sound of development.
Shizuka-chan is on the eighth floor.
It's quiet, and the view is great.
Thank you~!
Suneo on the seventh floor.
I actually prefer the top floor...
Gian is on the 6th floor.
But, what are you going to do in this room?
What will I do in the room
what I rented has nothing to do with you, right?
That's true, but...
In that case, the rental fee is 100 yen...
So that's it, yeah...
As expected, he acted recklessly.
Nobita!
Bring back the vertical block!
Can't even climb the stairs...
Nobita!
I feel better today.
After the sound of development, then the voice of Gian!
I can be crazy.
And I'm going to faint!
Is there nothing that can be done?
I understand...
Added a few more rooms in the middle.
I want to rent a room...
Hah?
With this, the problem is solved...
Uh, who's that?
Look here,
"I'll rent it to you."
What's this!
Nobita!
- So, the room...
- I'm not renting it to you!
Nobita!
Oh, how's this...
What to do...
There he is!
Escape higher and higher...
Strange...
No matter how many stairs
what I climbed, the stairs...
How can this be...
Not strong...
It should be safe now.
Wow amazing!
It becomes a skyscraper!
Toilets, toilets...
It's only on the first floor.
How much do I go down the stairs,
it won't end!
Uh, Doraemon?
Nobita, give me back my block...
Oh, sorry...
Now is not the time.
Nobita, I want to rent a few more rooms...
Uh, nothing?
In that case...
Hurry up!
I'm sure soon...
Nobita, give me back my block...
What does this mean?
Did someone move the block...
Game room and collection room...
Next, let Gian get lost...
I can not take it anymore...
That's why even though I said,
that wouldn't be a good thing.
Press button d...
Choose the face of Goo Choki Par and win!
Collect points and win prizes!
Safe, gian insurance.
Finally, I got the newest edition...
On a rainy day, on a windy day, on a thunderous day...
Save 10 yen without
missed a day.
Finally able to buy...
Isn't that Nobita-kun, is it?
What do you want, Gian?
I saw...
Gorogoro latest edition...
Lend!
Dora...
Why is it always not there when I'm in trouble like this.
Uh, dorayaki.
I am home!
Ah!
My Dorayaki...
Though I want to eat it
after i get home...
After all, you put it...
In a place like this...
You are really...
But, come on.
Uh, really?
Hello, are you an insurance?
- Please come now!
- What's that?
- Any insurance.
- What insurance?
Oh, he's coming!
I am a partner to help anywhere.
Any insurance.
- Thank you for your hard work.
- It's about Dorayaki insurance.
- Yes that's right...
- What is Dorayaki Insurance?
- Well, just watch.
- Uh?
That's me!
I feel sorry for you
Agreed, please accept this!
Well, sorry to bother you.
How come?
What is called insurance is
pay a little money for emergencies.
No refund if
nothing happened...
However, in case of an accident or illness...
You will receive more
money than the amount paid.
Insurance in the future can also
pay for it in kind.
Recently I ate Dorayaki every day...
So, I insured it.
However, I only ate one.
The dorayaki he was looking forward to eating...
It was part of the wound in his heart.
Hey, can I insure too?
Nobita-kun?
What insurance?
Gian Insurance!
Gian Insurance?
Can you do that?
Leave it to me!
How about a contract like this...
You will be charged 10 yen per day.
50 yen if I get hit, 30 yen if
I got kicked, 15 yen for the rest...
- Hey...
- But, it costs a lot.
After all I was beaten every day...
If I can earn money
by beating...
- Isn't this much better?
- That's true, but...
Is it like this?
Thank you for signing
Gian's insurance contract.
Now, please pay for today first.
Okay!
- Ha ha ha!
- After all, that's my comic!
Better stop...
Isn't insurance prepared for this?
Ah, well that's true, but...
- Okay!
- Ah, nobita-kun...
- Ha ha ha...
- Gianna!
Bring back that manga!
What did you say?!
After all, that's my comic...
What is yours is mine!
Mine is mine!
- Base...
- Nobita-kun, are you okay?
Yes, this one...
Hello, are you an insurance?
I am a partner to help anywhere.
Any insurance!
Ah, this is too scary...
I feel sorry for you.
Approved.
I'm grateful.
I've been beaten a lot, but...
Thanks to that, I was able to buy new comics.
It was because everything was already prepared.
Hey, if 10 yen were changed to 20 yen...
Can I get double compensation?
Yes, but do you have that much money?
If I get hit by Gian every day,
I can read all comics.
You can't do that!
- It's okay, it's okay.
- Can't what, something good?
Where's Gian?
Oh, there!
- Nobita, be careful!
- Uh?
After the test results are shared,
he was like that.
If you don't want to be beaten by him,
better stay away...
- Really?
- Uh?
Yo, Gian.
If you're upset,
what if you hit me?
Nobita...
Look at this!
Is it because of my hard work?
Well, it turns out you're in a good mood, huh?
Forget it, tomorrow will definitely change
back to Gian who likes to beat people.
Alright, today...
Oh, Gian!
He's been like that from the start.
If you don't want to be beaten
Be quiet...
- Gianna!
- Hey...
Gian.
Noisy ah...
- I got the flu...
- Uh?
Look, didn't you hit me?
- How could I want...
- Impossible!
Uh, you got more?!
I just bought Dorayaki,
but there is no red bean in it...
Then, I insured it!
- That's cheating, Doraemon!
- What about Gian?
- I wasn't beaten after insuring her.
- In that case, good.
Alright.
Can't I get the money?
Insurance doesn't work like that.
Where are you going?
Is there a better way?
Uh, Shizuka-chan?
- Ah, Nobita-san.
- What is it?
This, after being borrowed by Takeshi...
Wow, here it is!
Uh?
It's not Nobita's book, right?
Give me the contract!
- This...
- Thank you.
Hello, are you an insurance?
Look, my book was dirty with Gian.
In that case, I will investigate.
This...
Any insurance, do not accept
any cheating!
That's why I told you...
- In that case...
- Wait a moment!
This one was destroyed by Gian.
- It wasn't intentional.
- Uh?
If this, it's a hole when Gian chases it...
This is because of the lifetime of the socks.
Impossible...
Oh yes!
If this is really broken by Gian.
Look!
I feel sorry for you.
- Not accepted!
- Uh, why?
This incident happened before signing the contract!
Impossible...
In that case, please pay today in advance.
Have a nice day!
You don't have any more money, do you?
This is the last option.
Please, Gian!
Hit me!
- Nobita-kun...
- What did you say?!
Please, please...
Now hit me!
Even if you suddenly say
to hit you...
Then at least kick me!
Hey, stop it!
Don't want to!
I won't stop until you hit me!
Well, if you insist on that...
- I'll hit you.
- Yuhu~!
- Thank you, Gian.
- Hey, hey, stop...
All right, get ready!
Lets do it!
Takeshi!
Ma-Mama?!
Do you want to hit again?
No really, it's because Nobita said
if he wants me to hit him.
- Do not lie!
- That's right...
Impossible...
Are you still saying that?
Oh, I'm stopping, I'm stopping!
If you are diligent in saving,
You can buy manga.
No longer!
I will stop this kind of insurance!
Uh?
Ah, the relief...
Gi-Gian...
Nobita, because of you...
I was scolded by my mother...
Dora...
Didn't you just say that
you want me to hit you?
Cancel!
I don't have insurance anymore!
I don't understand what you're saying!
Why is this happening?
Geez...
Your dream is my dream!
Let's start!
"Gian's Dream"!
Saturday, 5 pm, Doraemon...
Hide and seek?
This is a tool that no one can see.
Who threw the ball?!
That is not me!
Get started!
Because I'm scissors
I win!
See you next week!